SQL Module documentation has added to Reference_Manual.md. [API-1635] (#1035)
hazelcast/hazelcast-cpp-client: Reference_Manual.md

3. <b>identified_data_serializer serialized objects</b>: `factory_id`, `class_id` and `type_id` are non-negative values.
4. <b>Portable serialized objects</b>: `factory_id`, `class_id` and `type_id` are non-negative values.
5. <b>Custom serialized objects</b>: `factory_id=-1`, `class_id=-1`, `type_id` is the non-negative type ID. 

> ## 7.11. SQL Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 7.11. SQL API
```

> To use this service, the Jet engine must be enabled on the members and the `hazelcast-sql` module must be in the classpath of the members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use SQL API, the Jet engine must be enabled on the members and the `hazelcast-sql` module must be in the classpath of the members.
```

If you are using the CLI, Docker image, or distributions to start Hazelcast members, then you don't need to do anything, as the above preconditions are already satisfied for such members.

> However, if you are using Hazelcast members in the embedded mode, or receiving errors saying that The Jet engine is disabled or `Cannot execute SQL query because "hazelcast-sql" module is not in the classpath.` while executing queries, enable the Jet engine following one of the instructions pointed out in the error message, or add the `hazelcast-sql` module to your member's classpath.

Reviewer: Can we provide link to the reference manual sql section for server side details?

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: I meant the Ref man [here](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/getting-started/install-hazelcast)

Author: Fixed.

### 7.11.1 Overview

> All the sql related types and functionalilities accomodates in `hazelcast::client::sql` namespace. It is possible to execute queries on `IMap`, `Kafka` and `Files` by using this module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the sql related types and functionalilities accomodates in `hazelcast::client::sql` namespace. It is possible to execute queries on `imap`, `Kafka` and `Files` by using this module. 
```

`sql_service` is the main controller of this module. Queries can be executed via `sql_service` class. It also supports to specify query parameters. After executing any query `boost::future<std::shared_ptr<sql_result>>` is returned.

If it is a `SELECT` query then it provides a way to iterate over rows. Rows are stored in pages and essentially, hazelcast serves result of `SELECT` queries page by page so the interface reflects this approach.

> `sql_result` provides an `page_iterator` which allows caller to fetch and iterate over pages. `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` returns `boost::future<std::shared_ptr<sql_page>>`. Every `sql_page` contains either `0` or more rows. It also tells that whether this page is the `last` or not via `last()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sql_result` provides a `page_iterator` which allows caller to fetch and iterate over pages. `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` returns `boost::future<std::shared_ptr<sql_page>>`. Every `sql_page` contains either `0` or more rows. It also tells that whether this page is the `last` or not via `last()` method.
```
Is it possible to have 0 rows?

Author: Yes for example 'generate_stream()' generally generates first page with zero rows.

### 7.11.2 Create Mapping

> Before you can access any object using SQL, a mapping has to be created. See the documentation for the [CREATE MAPPING](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/5.1/sql/create-mapping) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can access any object using SQL, a mapping has to be created. See the documentation for the [CREATE MAPPING](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/sql/create-mapping) command.
```

auto result = sql.execute(R"(
                CREATE OR REPLACE MAPPING integers
                    TYPE IMap
                    OPTIONS (
                        'keyFormat' = 'int',
                        'valueFormat' = 'int'
                        )
                    )").get();
```
### 7.11.3 Read SELECT Results
`SELECT` results are fetched page by page. A page can accomodate zero or more rows.

`sql_service::execute` executes the query and returns a `boost::future<std::shared_ptr<sql_result>>`. Via `sql_result::iterator()` method, `sql_result::page_iterator` is acquired and pages can be iterated.
``` C++
using namespace hazelcast::client::sql;

auto hz = hazelcast::new_client().get();

auto result = hz.get_sql().execute("SELECT * FROM integers").get();

result->row_metadata(); // Tells about metadata

for (auto itr = result->iterator(); itr.has_next();)
{
    auto page = itr.next().get();

    for(const sql_page::sql_row& row : page->rows())
    {
        std::cout << row.get_object<int>(0)
                  << ", "
                  << row.get_object<int>(1)
                  << '\n';
    }
}
```

> **Note-1**: First call to `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` function will return `ready` future because first page is already loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note-1**: First call to `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` function will return `ready` future because first page is already loaded as a result of the sql_service::execute call.
```

Author: Fixed.

``` C++
auto itr = result->iterator();
itr.next().get(); // This will not block even `get()` 
	          // is called because it will return
	          // a future which is in ready state.
```

> **Note-2**: After first page every `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` call fetches a new page and it must not be called consecutively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note-2**: After first page every `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` call fetches a new page future. Before waiting this future you are not allowed to do another `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` call.
```

``` C++
auto itr = result->iterator();
itr.next().get(); // It will return first page
auto page_2 = itr.next(); // Made request to second page
// page_2.get(); // I should have waited but didn't
auto page_3 = itr.next(); // This probably throws an `hazelcast::illegal_access` exception
                          // because previous page might not be fetched yet. To prevent this
	                  // `page_2.get()` should have called to ensure that page_2 is fetched.
```
**Note-3**: If fetched page is marked as `last` there should not be any further fetch requests.
``` C++
auto itr = result->iterator();

auto page_1 = itr.next().get();

if (page_1->last())
    itr.next(); // This will throw an `hazelcast::no_such_element` exception.
```

> **Note-4**: Zero rows do not mean that it is the last page. `SELECT * FROM TABLE(generate_stream(1))` query mostly returns first page as empty because it is a stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note-4**: Zero rows do not mean that it is the last page. `SELECT * FROM TABLE(generate_stream(1))` query mostly returns first page as empty because it is a stream. Stream is an endless flow of data from server to the client.
```

``` C++
using namespace hazelcast::client::sql;

auto hz = hazelcast::new_client().get();

auto result = hz.get_sql().execute("SELECT * FROM TABLE(generate_stream(1))").get();

auto itr = result->iterator();
auto page = itr.next().get();

> std::cout << page.row_count() << std::endl; // This probably print zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
std::cout << page.row_count() << std::endl; // This may print zero if no data is yet generated at the server side
```

```

> **Note-5**: `future<std::shared_ptr<sql_result>>` is returned from `sql_service::execute` and `boost::future<std::shared_ptr<sql_page>>` is returned from `sql_result::page_iterator::next()` can throw `sql::hazelcast_sql_exception` in case of an error so it should be taken into consideration for production ready code.

Reviewer: Can you make this as a sub section named `Sql Error Handling`. Also explain the exception fields.

Reviewer: I do not see the fields of `sql::hazelcast_sql_exception` explained in the doc?

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: I mean the `code()` and `suggestion()` methods of the `hazelcast_sql_exception `, can you describe what they represent, etc.

Author: Fixed

``` C++
using namespace hazelcast::client::sql;

auto hz = hazelcast::new_client().get();

auto result = hz.get_sql().execute("SELECT name, surname, age FROM employees").get();

auto metadata = result->row_metadata();

// Print column count
std::cout << "There are " << metadata.column_count() << " columns" << std::endl;

// Print columns
for (const sql_column_metadata& col : metadata.columns())
{
    std::cout << "name : "      << col.name
              << " type : "     << int(col.type)
              << " nullable : " << col.nullable
              << std::endl;
}

// Get column by index
auto age_col_metadata = metadata.column(2);

std::cout << "name : "      << age_col_metadata.name
          << " type : "     << int(age_col_metadata.type)
          << " nullable : " << age_col_metadata.nullable
          << std::endl;
```
**Note :** There is no metadata for non-`SELECT` queries.

``` C++
auto result = sql.execute("DELETE FROM employees WHERE age < 18").get();

result->row_metadata(); // Throws an `exception::illegal_state`
                        // This is not a SELECT query
```

> ### 7.11.6 Read Cell Value

Reviewer: What is a Cell? Sql Table Cell?

Reviewer: I believe we usually use the term column value instead of table cell. did you see any place in server docs etc. mention about table cell? can we double check on this?

Author: fixed

3. <b>identified_data_serializer serialized objects</b>: `factory_id`, `class_id` and `type_id` are non-negative values.
4. <b>Portable serialized objects</b>: `factory_id`, `class_id` and `type_id` are non-negative values.
5. <b>Custom serialized objects</b>: `factory_id=-1`, `class_id=-1`, `type_id` is the non-negative type ID. 
## 7.11. SQL API
To use SQL API, the Jet engine must be enabled on the members and the `hazelcast-sql` module must be in the classpath of the members.
If you are using the CLI, Docker image, or distributions to start Hazelcast members, then you don't need to do anything, as the above preconditions are already satisfied for such members.

However, if you are using Hazelcast members in the embedded mode, or receiving errors saying that The Jet engine is disabled or `Cannot execute SQL query because "hazelcast-sql" module is not in the classpath.` while executing queries, enable the Jet engine following one of the instructions pointed out in the error message, or add the `hazelcast-sql` module to your member's classpath.
### 7.11.1 Overview

> All the sql related types and functionalilities accomodates in `hazelcast::client::sql` namespace. It is possible to execute queries on `imap`, `Kafka` and `Files` by using this module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the sql related types and functionalities accommodates in `hazelcast::client::sql` namespace. It is possible to execute queries on `imap`, `Kafka` and `Files` by using this module. 
```

Author: fixed

Reviewer: check spelling. still says `functionalities accomodates`

Author: Fixed.

result->row_metadata(); // Throws an `exception::illegal_state`
                        // This is not a SELECT query
```

### 7.11.6 Read Table Cell Value
`boost::optional<T> sql_page::sql_row::get_object<T>` is used for reading cell. `T` specifies the return type and it should correspond with the column type. Otherwise it will throw `boost::bad_any_cast`. There are two overloads one can be used to read value by column idx and other by column name.

``` C++
for (auto itr = result->iterator(); itr.has_next();)
{
    auto page = itr.next().get();

    for(const sql_page::sql_row& row : page->rows())
    {
        std::cout << row.get_object<int>(0) // Read first column value as int
                  << ", "
                  << row.get_object<int>("age") // Read 'age' column value
                  << ", "
                  << row.get_object<std::string>("surname") // Read 'surname' column value
                  << std::endl;
    }
}
```

### 7.11.7 Error Handling
There are some exceptions which expresses an error occurred while performing an operation.
So those exceptions should be taken into consideration for production ready code.

> `page_iterator::next()` can throw three types of exceptions.

Reviewer: It can actually throw a lot more than these, right? We are not wrapping all exceptions to sql_exception, right?

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: unfixed
